well what do you do during the day what
does the average person do during the
day now this might not be you but let me
just actually show you the average day
of a spine do you know that for most
people in North America they sleep in a
bed that's too soft how's that some of
you say well dr. Mertz I sleep on my
side ha ha right then so the average
person that's probably not in the best
position possible winds up getting up
going over here maybe saying hi to a few
people and then having breakfast well
when we're done with breakfast we want
end up putting our pants on can we come
over and we brush our teeth in our teeth
brush to say hi bye everybody
and we get on the car we go to work some
of you commute longer than others that's
right and it's stressful isn't it
stressful and maybe maybe you're in a
little bit of traffic same to you buddy
you know and as you're continuing to go
and so now we're in this situation where
we finally get to work
well so we work and we look at the
computer we do various things so how do
a few people but we're basically working
and by about 2 or 3 o'clock in the
afternoon we're tired we're starting to
feel somewhat fatigued or a little bit
sore not sure why we're getting a little
bit irritable by the time it's five
o'clock or so we get a chance to get
back in the car and go home we're tired
and we're hungry so we go back need some
more we're exhausted but it's a little
bit too early to go to bed so we go to
our favorite couch and recline watch a
little MTV or whatever before we go back
to bed
did anybody see a problem with that okay
if we're not exactly sure how
subluxation is arrived in our spine
perhaps were more surer now